The training camp was almost over, I only had one more week of sparring left.
When I got in the ring, I noticed that something was wrong.
Then I tried to train for the next two days, but it got worse and worse.
Without going into details, it was a biceps injury.
With such an injury, unfortunately, I could not box.
After further research it became clear that I should have 4-5 weeks off.
Such things happen in sports.
I have seen him many times.
And with other boxers, this happens quite often.
It's not something you can control.
It just happens.
We are in a sport in which you give your best to get in the best possible shape.
Such accidental things can always happen to an athlete.
It is bad not only for me, but also for my opponent, who was also in a period of preparation.
Fortunately, we only postponed the match for a while, but I see positive things as well.
After that, Kubrat Pulev - as he himself said - had more time to prepare, which means that he will be in better shape for the match than he would have been in September.
I think that the audience will like Pulev with his performance.
I was recovering for four weeks and the injury subsided.
You can't get out of shape in 4 weeks.
Then I slowly started training again.
Yes, it was a bit of a short preparation, but I believe I did very, very well.
The preparation this time was 6 weeks, a little shorter than the previous one.
But the goal was to avoid overtraining.
The worst thing in sports is to overtrain.
No, I am 100% healthy, the doctors assured me.
I have not had such thoughts and I always give myself completely.
We did the same program in preparation as before.
I do what I will win the match with.
I'm fine now, I'm healthy and I can let my fists fly on November 15th.
In the first phase I had 8 to 10 sparring partners who came and went.
My guest was also the Olympic champion Anthony Joshua.
I was impressed with him.
He wanted to learn a lot and showed good form in the ring.
Kevin Johnson was also at the camp.
I am preparing for a rival who is, above all, very self-confident.
I believe that he has not gained so much experience, but he has a great desire.
Already at the press conference in June he showed great self-confidence.
He does not think of a possible loss, he only thinks of victory.
In the rankings he is in high positions, he has fought with people who are taller than me - like Dimitrenko, Ustinov and others.
It performs well.
Matches often end before the end.
Pulev has a good career as an amateur and as a professional.
He has not lost a pro match in the ring.
He really has no fears or worries.
He does not know what it is and has never experienced it.
He has good technique, very good straight shot.
Keep the distance well, it's hard to reach.
That's what happened in his match with Travis Walker - he didn't lose his line, he went his own way and in the end he was the winner.
I believe he knows he should not underestimate the champion.
I guess what tactics his coach came up with, who is very experienced and has a lot in common with my former coach Fritz Zdunek.
I think that by postponing the match, they had even more time to analyze me and better prepare their strategies against me.
I'm excited to see what happens in the ring.
I can't promise too much.
I will do what I can.
If the match ends quickly, so be it.
If it lasts longer - too.
The important thing is to continue to defend my title and stay successful in the ring.
Everything you listed.
It fits him.
There are some things with him, he is not very mentally tight, as they say here in Germany.
Because of his behavior and actions, he does not fit into the frame.
At first I thought it was fun.
But his latest performances are not very funny.
His latest video does not show the truth.
He took a boat past me, his boys taking pictures of me.
I knew there would be a provocation.
But it wasn't fun when I fell into the water.
It was dangerous.
He was on a motorboat and I was in the water.
We were not on equal terms.
Yes, this crosses the border, it's a blow below the belt.
I was thinking of filing a formal complaint because some things should not be allowed.
It could quickly end in tragedy.
Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like it aint for me either.
He wants to attract attention by attacking the champion.
I liked how he performed against Vitaly - with the tear of his shirt and the whole show he did.
I don't understand what happened to him.
At one time it was rumored that all this was directed.
But if that's the case, I'd take my brother too, he's a good actor, we'd set something up.
I can't talk about him, but from what he says, it turns out that he will appear.
He knows exactly where I am and when I will be there.
But I don't have a problem, I only think about the match.
I learned that you have to be patient.
Over time, everyone gets what they deserve.
Some people go in one direction from which I return.
Over time, there were many boxers who were wrong.
Derek Chizora, for example, had the same mental health problems as Briggs, slapping my brother.
He freaked out at a press conference, threw a bottle at David Haye, and was knocked out the next game.
There is an expression "Fate is a bitch" - everyone gets what they deserve and the same goes for boxing.
I am patient with him, I can offer him a match if he continues to develop in the ring.
I see that he is already in the top 10, he has a North American title.
So he may end up in a position to come out against me.
Maybe I decide to meet.


