Hello.
It is time to thank Mr. Lyuben Dzhubrilov for his personal commitment in arranging this match.
Thanks to him and the promotion company MAXFIGHT, things happened.
Yes, I think I'm 100% already.
The recovery process took me a long time, but fortunately everything is behind me.
I have been training at a maximum for a month and a half now and I have no complaints.
Yes, I watched at least 10-15 matches of Salihov and I dare say that I am aware of his style.
It is very sharp in stance.
It waits and is not fast, but it is very accurate and there is no unnecessary movement.
I think we are very similar in style and it will be a tactical battle.
I am preparing some surprises for him!
I am already driving a third training camp.
First I helped Alexander Georgiev in his preparation for Maxfight 30, then Nikola Dipchikov for his match in Cage Of Glory 3 and now I train for my match!
In general, I didn't have much time from the proposal to the date of the match, but I'm in preparation with the boys anyway, so I didn't think about it at all.
I train with my coach Pepi Stoichkov, with Nikola Dipchikov, Alexander Georgiev, Yanko Borisov, Tseco Ninov and others.
I also go to Ventzi Ivanov in his boxing club Winner.
My opponent is a 4-time world champion in San Da, but I think I will oppose him right there - in a stand!
I have a limb length advantage and I think I should take advantage of this weapon.
It doesn't scare me at all.
I dare say that I have a very good protection against demolition and I even prefer to fight with grapples, because they are very predictable for me, and my style is quite uncomfortable for them.
He's excited!
He helps me with everything he can - especially with preparing the right food for me, which makes me very relieved.
Up to this point yes.
I think the future is known only to God, so we'll see what happens next.
I train twice.
I will not go to work until the match, for which I am very grateful to my boss!
I get up, coffee and a workout - this is the beginning of the day.
Then I go home and rest.
A second workout follows, after which I only have the strength to go home, eat and lose consciousness in bed.
Sunday is a day for rest, massage and cinema.
I look at things realistically.
I don't throw myself away.
Now I have only the M1 goal in front of me.
I get up and go to bed with that thought.
M1 is one of the top 4 organizations in the world, so I think at this stage I need to nail this goal.
Then I'll think of him!
Yes, in the world, no!
Here, people think of us as neighborhood thugs and morons.
Massively.
We must be to blame for that.
I have already given up trying to prove myself to the people here.
I try not to read or think about the public comments here.
The chance to prove it is out!
That doesn't mean I won't fight in MAXFIGHT.
On the contrary, I will continue with full force.
I want the belt of this organization.
No!
Definitely.
It is very difficult in this regard.
MAXFIGHT tournaments are broadcast on national television.
I can't understand how business doesn't see a potential chance for advertising in us fighters.
For tournaments abroad, on the other hand, it is impossible!
People obviously don't care that you will represent the country somewhere.
For the match in question, I have a serious Russian sponsor, a huge financial institution that will stand behind me.
It took me 3 days to get a similar sponsor in Russia, although I am not Russian.
There, people think very differently.
There is respect for the fighter, no matter he wins or loses.
There I dare say they have us as real athletes and even more.
Here everyone thinks how to use you ... cheap!
There is no fighter I don't want to fight, except for the boys from my close circle!
I wish you health!
It may be a cliché, but after the last injury I can say that now I understand it much better!
